[Music]
everyone I am here at all-stars 2017 at
the na LCS to do with coverage presented
by HTC eSports joined right now by two
up-and-coming casters they're working
their way through the Challenger scene
they're looking to make it big from two
different regions deficient and Kobe
Kobe did you steal that name from a
basketball player what are you talking
about I love meat Kobe beef okay nice of
culture my friend is that how that works
all right so I did an interview with you
guys or like a little feature last year
where I asked who's your demon the
person that plagues you most and you
both named each other and I just got
surprised it what is this still the
truth yes nothing has changed get out
here I got this okay
Oh amazing that one I just remember the
reasons were really weird
yes it involves different things that we
can't always talk about on camera yeah I
forget if we cut the part about yeah the
butt touching which is happening right
now we didn't cut that okay yes well
then it really tells you what the things
that we had to cut were we're not so
good you cut stuff yeah anything we say
is gold yeah I know is that true yes see
as he put the mic in my face I guess I
have to say yes he finishes my meals all
right this is the caster's energy that
you see right here at all starts okay so
when you guys when you guys come
together it's set at these international
events and you get to cast together you
get to work together is that a reason
that you look forward to the
international events or what what is
this relationship like yeah that's the
best part you know just getting to see
his crystal blue eyes and this smile how
can you not be happy yeah it is
definitely a bonus I wish I could say
was the main reason I like going to
internet international events the main
reason is you're about performing na
every single time Kobe therefore become
comes not only not only does he/she talk
na he directly flames my casting
whenever I see him that is not sure
getting out of control I
told him he peaked during MSI and
Shanghai in the R&G vs CLG game when he
went completely crazy like 12 out of 10
whatever it was I said that is your peak
you will never get there again and that
is not flaming that's just facts
is that true do you feel like that's
true honestly it's true we're never
getting back to that that is the
pinnacle has he peaked yet that's the
problem see I have already peaked and
gotten to that point but this young
fellow he'll never get up to that point
it's true it's true
so the NIE rivalry does that take place
between you guys as well I mean you you
mentioned you were very close very civil
here everyone is supporting each other
we're now regions lose we cry together
so are you guys nice to each other when
they lose is a respectful backstage we
honestly all know in the end though
we're never gonna win so Korea is gonna
take it it's true we heard they all
servant which i think is very similar
hey we're in LA which is Kobe's place
does he take you out and show you around
you guys get to do stuff my place funny
enough the last two times we've gone out
to eat is actually Ben Pappas mithya
myself inviting Kobe out so we find a
place we bring him there I've actually
never been invited out to eat by you
yeah he's the one who has to do all the
work I don't also he's never invited me
you know to drive around LA in his car
I've never seen his house
I actually know nothing about Kobe you
think I'll bring you to my house I'm
making sure Italy is that we always
serious do you okay let's talk a little
bit about offseason because there were
several EU personalities and players and
even probably who had but spent over
time over there coming we took all the
good things that Europe had we left all
the other stuff okay so so is that
official you just that bother you
concerned at all because you always seem
to have like a pretty good attitude
whenever the next season comes even when
the stuff happens yeah I mean right now
even though we lost four players we lost
a coach we lost a manager as well our
mother
it always sucks big personalities love
to have them in Europe but I can't
really blame them for the decision I
think it makes a lot of sense what
they're doing and we still have like now
I think if we had like four to five
super
cool rosters revealed in Europe that
we'll just go in and do really well
anyway so we tend to be able to replace
a lot of the big names which is
something we can't always say for the
other region
Kobe Jew do you you're talking about we
got plenty of na talent over here just
waiting to fill spot yeah
bunny foo-foo walking by right now do
you hey whatever happened him I love you
too
what uh talk to me a little bit about
Kobe do you think that we will finally
get to a point where we've taken enough
of them that we will be able to beat
them at international events we're at
that point already Travis let me start
the hype right now for 2018 this is our
year TSM Team Liquid CLG and cloud 9
it's gonna break all the records for 74
teams okay
yeah also nadeshot walk by no 100
thieves and hundred thieves with any
five teams change my mind we're good do
you agree with that I mean I think
sending five teams knows we're taking
two of the European slots I mean the
thing is at some point they must be good
enough to beat Europe if they keep
taking so many of our good players I
mean it should happen but what mister
time is running out for them because
2019 Europe that could be the peak year
for us maybe people coming back to
Europe imagine that world where all the
Europeans are back in our region that
were pretty sick we have like 10 teams
look at all I go to Worlds actually
we're playing along here but all of our
players that had the bigger salaries now
are investing in Bitcoin and then when
Bitcoin hits 50,000 we'll buy the rest
of the European players of what are you
import slots buy more import slots with
actually well buy all their players and
we'll just bench him use them I guess
you can't actually do that to Academy
yeah
Kobe you can't make jokes like that red
it's gonna be like it's happening leak
no jokes we never joke ever all
seriousness though I think once again
like sucks to lose all these EU players
I really wish they'd stayed I will still
follow and cheer for them and I hope
they will do well in North America and I
also hope people will cheer for them
when they are playing well you hope that
I do well
Kobe already peaked so I'm moving on to
captain flowers who I think is the new
cast
talent in North America very very good
okay are you at that gotta love my boy
flowers yeah uh alright let's just we
can wrap this up but are you guys gonna
be able to do anything you probably
leave on Monday right so you guys gonna
be able to hang out do anything over the
next couple days
besides all-star if he figures out the
plans that's kind of the thing again
I've never even met his parents like
we're just always sitting here in the
office we made my brother I didn't mean
he brother he actually punch me
where did he punch you in the dick
anything you want say to the fans I had
heard a lot also go Europe
Kobe he deserved it Yeah right now right
now riot PR on the sideline making a
note about the end of this interview you
can check out the rest my coverage of
all things these words right here on my
youtube channel